it's pretty difficult to train your
hamstrings at home which is why I wanted
to try the Nordic stick it's super
simple this part just goes under the
door and this part goes over your heels
just slide it on under I'm definitely
gonna need a cushion though righty Daddy
all you do is lean forward oh goodness
oh
that is incredibly difficult I have to
use the floor to push off a little bit
to assist myself a little the main
reason I got this is not actually
because I want to train my hamstrings a
lot it's because there's studies like
this one that show that eccentric
exercise or the downward portion makes
your muscles actually get longer and I'm
a flexibility guy so why not super cheap
and all you need is a door and a cushion
so this is I recommend it this is
actually really good stay flexy